https://www.youtube.com/@BackDashSSB: UCgAZ972NUfJvwBzuosb7zXw BackDashSSB
https://www.youtube.com/@blackboltssb: UCnTjruH1a99X7qiLUTWrIZw BlackBolt
https://www.youtube.com/@centraloregonsmashandfgc8818: UCGJPfrs5DpkptwBBYCXilHw Central Oregon Smash and FGC
https://www.youtube.com/@CG_ConduitGaming: UCZB5hfz9zh-7dMgBIi6s-WA Conduit Gaming
https://www.youtube.com/@ClaimToFameEntertainment: UC4Kc1UlDqtjgNWr2nwK6Jfw Claim To Fame Entertainment
https://www.youtube.com/@ZekeHere: UC6BACtjgcDHqRAI5I_dlTdg Coach Zeke
https://www.youtube.com/@collisionseries: UCn_LdOLhjFF3_fgBrk-7y9A Collision Gaming Series
https://www.youtube.com/@uwlsmash5236: UCxFQ3qUpYAenoOVzS_JMkaA La Crosse Smash
https://www.youtube.com/@dragonz4477: UCY3tSAYbg5yOnubqpROGZ_A dragonz
https://www.youtube.com/@ElusRandomStuff: UCutAiUCILxrF_HBNNJFWbRg Elu's Random Stuff
https://www.youtube.com/@FuelStreaming: UCvybEcTLzpZbNa1yiyrrGLQ Fuel Streaming
https://www.youtube.com/@GalintGaming: UCG-pxOMgCQ3AtsxVPWk3XuQ Galint Gaming VODs
https://www.youtube.com/@GameArenaCBUS: UC0i-bU86rDxfW5G-q0HBlDQ Game Arena
https://www.youtube.com/@gamersguild5125: UCScVXk1msI1I1KUktK4BkhQ GamersGuild
https://www.youtube.com/@GamerLatamOfficial: UCfFuPQ04E8NeN8Tg31wZkJw Gamer Latam
https://www.youtube.com/@genesisgg_: UC7boel3KeF8CfIoe0j1WHqA genesisgg
https://www.youtube.com/@GooshiGaming: UCFuG8SGqC57C2YUIHgpV1hw GooshiGaming
https://www.youtube.com/@GreenBoltGames: UCU8O-JdhhUXgZAYNxT3Kcdw Green Bolt Gaming
https://www.youtube.com/@GTA_RIVALS: UCzYYdL3oHpcM9oy_mGMxcsQ GTA_RIVALS
https://www.youtube.com/@TheHieroGroup: UCMjRDfKkHRYmvDpU7i3PEfA The Hiero Group
https://www.youtube.com/@iniciativareset: UCJ9osmgIxd3To6DzmpLAwRg IniciativaReset
https://www.youtube.com/@KMLTournaments: UCAjmpP7UAxdDGqXeg3bQqXg KML Tournaments
https://www.youtube.com/@MichiganRivalsOfAether: UCH2iTE4PWVanYMqwzoGvvZg Michigan Rivals of Aether
https://www.youtube.com/@NSTournaments: UCWUErdqbINk2BtwJPOTIOgQ No Style Tournaments
https://www.youtube.com/@rivalsofaetheritalia8657: UCuvN5wq8FZGmEbGXsxzHHsw Rivals of Aether Italia
https://www.youtube.com/@RivalsOfAetherSpain: UC-MZ0MXnrwVSw-tJEa-GJ_Q Rivals of Aether Spain
https://www.youtube.com/@rivalsrecess: UChXe9KW3l0taCUTs1Rl8MtA Rivals Recess
https://www.youtube.com/@Satellite_NW: UCqB7d-vcBxxlccHB3oMk6ew The Satellite Network
https://www.youtube.com/@spotlightkc: UCnzcsiEvrM8Z9XzwsnX6icg Spotlight KC
https://www.youtube.com/@-Star.: UC2JcZNdwiPLBYsPtHHIAZZQ Star
https://www.youtube.com/@superiorcalrivals2: UCJVY-cxsUyKTj66twsiCIzw Superior Cal Rivals 2
https://www.youtube.com/@toonlagunavods7684: UCAVMCROaLLXF6BydC573AIg Toon Laguna VODs
https://www.youtube.com/@UGSGaming: UCj5Bpq8HNS3iHLzwI4TH5lQ UGS Gaming
https://www.youtube.com/@UnrivaledTournaments: UCvcLcxEPvxqhyryQM9eGsZg Unrivaled Tournaments
https://www.youtube.com/@UWBothellSmashClub: UCnecdRj4Ufxac-6VmAO7slg UW Bothell Smash Club
https://www.youtube.com/@VGBootcamp: UCj1J3QuIftjOq9iv_rr7Egw VGBootCamp
https://www.youtube.com/@TheWatherum: UCO-sKNN967rchSRDtMfjkYw Watherum
https://www.youtube.com/@weirdesportsmn: UC2KsuYai5viA6jaRKYBls5Q Weird Esports
https://www.youtube.com/@WILRivals: UCJVj4V5XT23MyeqHh2bCrnA WIL Rivals
https://www.youtube.com/@zacheryyaeger9198: UCLzHrJQ6ydw-3Q7cEhb93dQ yeggy